README.md, before:

# Entremed Classifier

Classifier project to sort job offers for entremed. Will be using database of
webscrapper jobs made by me.

Tried different algos and notebooks include NLP and ML to identify main
items but has proven unsuccessfull as there is no labeled data.

That is why will first develop a classifier using regex and pandas mainly.
No other way.

## Logs

### 3.6.24
1. Finished developing Location and Specialty matchers with JSON config files.
2. Test cases running with 20 different labeled data done by me.
3. Documented all the functions developed until now.
4. Done test cases for all detailes of V1.
5. Next comes building proper classifier.

### 24.5.24

1. Finished developing the data structure of the JSON config files.
2. Finished setting the structure for the Test cases.

### 10.5.24

1. Creation of initial tests and their respective fixtures.
2. Creation of package and their respective organisation.

### 2.5.24

1. Setup of environment and repository.
2. Installed main libraries.

Commit message:

Done matcher for schedule type and added a few fixed on global matchers

README.md, after:

# Entremed Classifier

Classifier project to sort job offers for entremed. Will be using database of
webscrapper jobs made by me.

Tried different algos and notebooks include NLP and ML to identify main
items but has proven unsuccessfull as there is no labeled data.

That is why will first develop a classifier using regex and pandas mainly.
No other way.

## Logs

### 5.6.24
1. Done Job Schedule classifier and added JSON for matching.
2. Added methods in Global matcher to get unique and final elements in a finding.

### 3.6.24
1. Finished developing Location and Specialty matchers with JSON config files.
2. Test cases running with 20 different labeled data done by me.
3. Documented all the functions developed until now.
4. Done test cases for all detailes of V1.
5. Next comes building proper classifier.

### 24.5.24

1. Finished developing the data structure of the JSON config files.
2. Finished setting the structure for the Test cases.

### 10.5.24

1. Creation of initial tests and their respective fixtures.
2. Creation of package and their respective organisation.

### 2.5.24

1. Setup of environment and repository.
2. Installed main libraries.
